[SHIORI]
Perfect!
Thanks for doing this.
[COWORKER 2A]
Oh, I almost forgot.
Just a little something.
A sweet treat for everyone
in Product Development.
I'm sure
the team will love them!
[humming]
Cookies. Cookies.
Sweet and crumbly. Oh, so yummy.
♪
[chugs]
Man, I'm tired.
I knew being the new guy
came with a learning curve,
but I thought I would have
more energy.
Hey, Shinozaki.
Oh! Hi, Senpai!
-Are you on your break?
-What? Oh, yeah.
Wait,
should I have asked permission
before I went on break?
Oops. I'm sorry.
I'll get back to work
straight away.
[sighs]
Um. Or not?
Senpai?
♪
Tell me something.
[SHINOZAKI]
Sure, anything.
[SHIORI] Which do you prefer?
Bears or bunny rabbits?
[SHINOZAKI]
What?
Well, which one is it then?
This is very important.
Uh.
So, bears or bunnies?
[SHIORI] You have to pick one.
So which is it?
Well, if I had to choose
I'd go with bears.
[SHIORI]
Understood. Here you go!
What's this for?
It's a tasty pick-me-up.
Cute, right?
People get kind of run down
around this time of day.
And somebody from
general affairs
gave these to us.
I was planning on passing
them out to everyone else later,
but then I saw you
and I thought you might like
to have yours early.
It'll be our little secret,
okay?
[SHINOZAKI] One of my superiors
at work, my Senpai,
is so small and cute!
Who's ready for another
wonderful workday? Oh.
Guess it'll just be me
until everyone else gets in.
Come here.
[grunts]
I guess I got here early.
Huh?
That's weird.
Senpai never leaves her stuff
out on her desk like that.
[both sigh]
Um. Good to see you, Shinozaki.
-Senpai, is that you down there?
-It is.
What are you doing?
Oh, just grabbing this.
My pen rolled under here.
Oh, well then,
I'll get out of your way!
-That would be appreciated.
-[thuds]
Senpai.
[sighs]
♪
Senpai's chest is. I'm so sorry!
You bumped your head,
and I went to help--
Hold on, you're freaking me out!
You don't have to panic, okay?
It's fine.
[both sigh]
Meow.
Oh, my! Good morning indeed.
No! It's nothing like that.
She was just grabbing
something down there.
Oh, not you too!
I think that dirty thoughts
are very bad.
[SHINOZAKI] For the last time,
it was nothing like that!
[clicks]
[SHINOZAKI]
Hey, Senpai.
Did you get a chance to look
over the documents I sent?
Oh.
[SHIORI]
Thanks for reminding me.
I'll look over them now.
Oh, my gosh!
[groans]
Is there something
wrong with them?
There's something, all right.
These were all done really well,
great job!
Who's a good boy!
Um, thank you.
I worked really hard on them.
You're the bestest boy,
yes, you are.
[SHINOZAKI]
Senpai.
[AKINA] Those two seem to
get along really well. I wonder.
Is their dynamic normal
for an ordinary pair
of coworkers?
Certainly doesn't feel ordinary.
They're more like the two
leads in a rom-com.
♪
You want me to go
scout a location?
Yeah. We have a drinking party
happening soon.
I'd do it,
but something came up.
Ah. Sure, I can help out.
That's great. You know what?
The more perspectives
the better, I say.
Katase, would you like
to join Shinozaki?
Yes! I'm so happy you asked me.
♪
I wonder what kind
of place it is.
Whatever it is,
I just hope the food is tasty!
Apparently, the restaurant
is on the top floor.
I hope we're near a window.
The manager picked it out so I
bet it's gonna be pretty trendy.
[SHIORI]
That's a good point, Shinozaki!
[giggling]
[AKINA] Perfection!
It's all coming together.
Now all they need to do
is keep the mood going.
Oh, dear.
I am just, oh, so tipsy.
What? That's not good.
♪
I'll have to take you home
with me.
I would love it if you did that.
♪
-Shinozaki, will you?
-Of course, always.
[groans]
I could've gotten a ticket
for how fast
that was going to spicy town.
-[HAYAKAWA] Manager?
-Hmm?
Hayakawa?
That's me.
I thought you mentioned that you
had something come up tonight,
didn't you?
-I see. That tracks.
-[grunts].
Aren't you
the least bit curious?
You've known Shinozaki
for a while.
Wait. Of course!
How thoughtless of me!
[SHIORI]
If you ever need anything,
feel free to come
and ask me, okay?
[AKINA]
Should I root for Age Gap,
Coworkers to Lovers,
Fluff with a Happy Ending?
[HAYAKAWA] Stop looking at me
like that, you big dummy.
It's not like I ever really
liked you or anything.
[AKINA]
Or Slow Burn, Mutual Pining,
Childhood Friends to Lovers?
I must choose.
But they're both so beautiful.
How about you just don't then?
Now, keep me out of whatever
weirdness is in your head.
Oh, you sure?
Aggressively sure.
There is nothing there,
trust me.
You sure?
Stop asking.
Just friends?
I'm not sure I like
how disappointed you are.
Well, be that as it may.
Since you're already here,
you might as well come
-and watch the show with me.
-What?
Thank you for dining with us.
Your table is ready now.
Please, follow me.
Quickly, to our seats!
How would I get roped into this?
[WAITRESS]
And here we are.
These are special tables
that allow you
to fully take in the view.
I'll let you settle in and then
I'll be back for your order.
[chuckles]
[AKINA] The stage is set,
the stars are seated
and now it's time
to watch the magic.
They won't be able to resist
the power of the couple's table.
It's cool that this place
has side-by-side seating.
[AKINA]
That's not the point!
Everything looks so good
I don't know where to start.
[AKINA]
Stop thinking about food!
[SHINOZAKI] I've never eaten
anywhere like this.
[SHIORI]
It's a first for me too.
[SHINOZAKI] I'd expect nothing
less from our manager.
He's got great taste.
[AKINA] I hate
how far off script they are,
but they seem to be having fun,
so I guess it's all right?
You sure seem to be
enjoying yourself.
[AKINA]
I'm having a ball!
♪
You see.
Huh?
The thing is...
Hmm.
Nothing in the world
brings me more joy
than cheering
on someone else's love life.
Huh?
Why can't I have a normal boss?
Is that too much to ask?
This one's a toughie though.
I was certain that the seating
would get their pulses pounding.
[SHINOZAKI]
Oh! Look over there, Senpai.
Do you see it?
[SHIORI]
What am I looking for?
If you look right over there
you can pick out
our office building.
I don't see it.
Hang on, let me adjust.
[both grunt]
[Shiori humming]
[giggles]
[gasps]
♪
There we go!
It's so much easier
to see from this angle.
[SHINOZAKI] Whoa.
Oh, boy, she's really close.
[nervous] I think
I can even feel her... bust!
Huh?
Is everything okay?
Yes, the view is really
lovely tonight.
Katase, you sultry minx you!
[SHIORI] Are you sure
you're all right, Shinozaki?
Now Shinozaki just needs to do
something to impress Katase,
and we can finally move on
to this evening's second act!
[SHINOZAKI] But is it getting
hot in here or is it just me?
[AKINA]
Come on. I know you can do it.
[sighs]
[Shiori sighs]
A full tummy is a happy tummy.
Yeah! Everything was incredible.
[SHIORI] I think
we should call it a night.
We still have to go work
tomorrow, remember?
Huh?
How is it that late already?
This might sound a bit weird
but the truth is I was hoping
to spend more time with you, so.
Huh?
You want to spend more time
with me tonight?
[sighs]
Does that mean
what I think it means?
Could I walk you to the station?
Ah! Oh, yeah!
I appreciate you doing that.
Everything good?
Yes! Great!
♪
Why was I thinking
it was something more?
Uh, Senpai? Your face.
[SHIORI]
Oh, that. It's just allergies.
[chuckles]
I knew that you could do it,
Shinozaki!
Hey! That's enough of that!
You can't just disintegrate
and stick me with the bill!
[SHIORI]
Thank you for walking me!
I'll see you tomorrow.
[SHINOZAKI] See you tomorrow,
Senpai. Goodnight!
[SHIORI] Thanks for waiting.
Now back to My Tiny Senpai.
♪
Oh.
Good morning, Shinozaki.
Oh, hey. Morning.
Hmm? Bold choice.
I don't remember the forecast
calling for rain. Did it?
Nah, I don't think so.
[ANCHOR] Your lucky item today
is an umbrella!
Carry one, and unexpected
fortune may find you.
So that's what I did.
That's great.
[thunders]
[raining]
Sure glad I brought my umbrella
with me today.
Huh?
Doesn't look like Senpai
brought hers though.
-Excuse me!
-Huh?
We can share mine,
if that's something
you'd be comfortable with!
Sure!
[giggles]
♪
[SHINOZAKI] I'm sharing
an umbrella with Senpai!
My lucky item really worked!
But I'm so nervous.
I want to talk to her
but whenever I try
my brain just shuts off.
Hey, Shinozaki,
your shoulder is getting wet.
Don't worry, I'm okay.
The rain doesn't bother me!
Um, tell me, Senpai.
How did you end up
being my Senpai?
I got hired before you did.
Oh, that's right!
Do you have a favorite
kind of animal, Senpai?
I love cats!
And I knew that!
Why is talking so hard?
This is pitiful!
[SHIORI]
It's okay, you know.
You don't have to talk
if you don't feel like it.
Your company is nice enough.
I'm enjoying it.
Cool. Good to know.
[SHIORI] You do this
during meetings too.
Whenever it starts to get quiet,
you freak out and start asking
a bunch of questions.
I know. I'm not very comfortable
with silences.
And you really ramble on
when the section chief is there.
[SHINOZAKI]
That's because he's scary.
I know he's a nice guy,
but he's got
that resting death glare.
[SHIORI]
I know exactly what you mean!
I hope that my motor mouth
doesn't cause any trouble.
I've tried getting over it,
but I just can't.
I'm not sure if it's something
that you need to get over.
It takes time to learn how
to be comfortable in yourself.
Besides,
I know the chief doesn't see
your mouth as a flaw.
He's said that you speaking up
makes it easier
for others to do it too.
Wow, I didn't realize
he saw it that way.
♪
I wanted to stop
by the bookstore
before I headed home,
so I'm going to be in here
for a while.
Take my umbrella.
It might still be raining
when you leave.
Thanks for keeping me
out of the rain
on the walk over here.
I had a great time,
and I'll see you at work
tomorrow, Shinozaki.
Well, see you!
[humming]
[SHINOZAKI]
She had one this whole time?
[screams]
[SHIORI]
That's odd.
Does anyone know why Shinozaki
hasn't come in yet?
He called out.
He said he caught a nasty cold.
I hope he's all right.
Hey, Shinozaki,
your shoulder is getting wet.
Don't worry, I'm okay.
Hmm.
You wanna check on him?
No! That'd be weird, right?
Well, he's your one
and only kohai, is he not?
He did say living on his own
has become a handful.
Mm.
[Shinozaki coughing]
[SHINOZAKI]
Fever's still going strong.
[groans]
Of course, I had to be a dingus
and stand in the rain
dumbfounded
over a silly umbrella.
[chuckles]
[bell rings]
Hello?
Huh?
Surprise, Shinozaki!
Feeling better?
Senpai?
You came all this way
to check on me?
Don't be silly.
I was just in the neighborhood
and thought I'd drop by.
You've been out for three days
so we were getting worried
and I heard you've been having
a rough go of it living alone
so I brought you some stuff!
That's thoughtful,
but you really didn't have to.
♪
[chuckles]
How about I come in
and whip something up for you?
[groans]
[SHINOZAKI]
Is this real?
It's too good to be true.
[SHIORI]
All right. Dig in.
[SHINOZAKI]
You bet I will.
Delicious!
[SHIORI]
I'm glad you like it!
While I'm here I might
as well help you get on top
of your chores.
[SHINOZAKI]
I appreciate it.
Wait! I can do my own underwear!
Thank you again.
This has all been a huge help.
[SHIORI]
I like looking after people.
I may be small but I'm really
more the big sister type.
[SHINOZAKI]
I am so incredibly,
wondrously, fantastically,
deliriously happy right now.
I hope I have this cold
until the end of time!
♪
It's about time I head home.
Be sure to get plenty of rest.
I can't thank you enough
for today, Senpai.
By the way, what brought you
to the neighborhood?
I was seeing a movie
with a friend.
Oh, yeah?
But the theater
is on the opposite side
of the train station.
[gasps]
Well, I don't want to overstay
my welcome so get better soon
and I'll see you at work, bye!
[groans]
That was so embarrassing.
I think
I got a little too excited
about taking care
of my only kohai.
♪
I should probably grab some
microwaveable meals for him.
[box clatters]
♪
And something to cook
so he has real food too.
[AKINA]
Mission accomplished!
So, you need a present
for Senpai?
Not like a normal present.
It's a thank you gift.
What are you thanking her for?
She dropped by my apartment
while I was sick
and covered some of the chores,
and she even cooked for me too.
I was thinking of getting her
something unassuming,
-like candy.
-[grunts]
How are you
possibly that stupid?
This woman went to your house
and slaved over a hot stove
while you stayed in bed
and you think
that some cheap chocolate
is the best way
to say thank you?
Oh!
No cheap chocolate then, got it!
Spill. Was her cooking
any good or what?
Yeah. It was really good.
No, it was downright delicious.
So, she's probably
really into cooking.
Well, then get your butt
out there, buy an apron,
and say
"Please cook for me again!"
Where is this coming from?
And are you sure an apron's
the best thing?
What if she has a ton of them?
You need to get her something
that'll stick around
and remind her of you.
Why is that so important?
Curse my impulse shopping.
Now that I have it, it'd be
weirder not give it to her.
How am I supposed to do that?
This isn't something that
you can just casually hand over!
Maybe I should've stuck
with candy.
Morning, Shinozaki.
Senpai! Yes, it is morning
and it is also good!
Is everything all right?
You seem anxious today.
Anxious, really?
What would give you that idea?
[SHIORI]
Hmm.
[SHINOZAKI]
Come on, man, it's now or never.
Just get it over with!
But what if she thinks
it's too much to accept?
Then again, I get the feeling
that she wouldn't see it
that way.
-Pardon!
-Huh?
♪
It's for you 'cause I wanted
to thank you for helping me out.
So, yeah.
Sorry in advance
if it's not quite your style.
An apron?
[sobs]
I was wrong! It was too much!
This is so adorable!
[SHINOZAKI] Thank goodness.
She likes it after all.
Good. I'm glad.
I'm sure you'll look nice in it.
I hope you get some use
out of it.
Huh. You wouldn't mind me
coming by to cook for you again?
[gasps]
Oh, no,
I was actually talking about
you cooking at your own place,
not mine.
Ah! Right!
That makes so much more sense!
Silly me, ha, ha.
Of course, you meant that.
Why would I jump
to such a wild conclusion?
I don't think
it's that wild of a conclusion.
I'd be happy
to have you come over again.
♪
Sure. I'd also like
to do that someday.
That's good to hear.
Stop by whenever.
How 'bout now?
I'll give you the time off.
-We're fine.
-Thank you very much!